+++
[params]
  name = "n64"
  images = ["n64-front", "n64-back", "n64-hdmi",
            "n64-hdmi-long", "n64-reality", "n64-pif"]
+++

We never had a Nintendo 64 in the household when I was younger
so the only time I ever got to play was at friends' houses.
Of course, these were always multiplayer sessions usually
involving a few of us which definitely skewed my perception of
the console. Even so, there are a ton of great single-player
games most of which are well-known classics (most I'd already
played as a re-release on a later platform, some I'd only seen
played or heard of).

*Super Smash Bros. was an especial treat when we first played,
mostly due to the fact you could control Pokémon (Pikachu and
Jigglypuff) directly which was super cool. I remember when the
first blurry screenshots of Pokémon Stadium appeared in the
gaming magazines, and our little minds puzzled at what it was,
this is what I was imagining it played like. WCW/nWo Revenge
was also an absolute 4-player blast.*

---

- HDMI Mod
  - I'm not blown away by the output, and would rather have
  something I could run through my OSSC, and will probably
  replace it with an RGB mod *(I did try to install one a
  while back when I was just starting out and messed
  it up, but have since done much more involved mods and
  feel a lot more comfortable now).*
- Shell
  - The N64 was in decent condition overall and only needed a
  gentle clean, but the grey shell was scuffed and tired so
  I swapped it for an unofficial
  <em style="color:#9559da;">Atomic Purple</em>
  replacement. I'm really impressed with the look and feel
  of the aftermarket shell, but opted to mix in some of the
  stock shell to create a two-tone look and add a little more
  individuality while keeping a bit of the original identity;
  I also kept the original fixings for some extra contrast.

---

For the controller setup I use a BlueRetro adapter — paired with
an official N64 Controller for Switch — which comes with 4 virtual
Controller Paks for saves (which can be easily backed up and
restored if needed), and allows easy switching to the built-in
Rumble Pak via a button press.
